BUGS:
FINAL: tweak surveillance-camera behaviour/timing
add dialog readback option
you can pick up an invisible hacker
explain usage/goal of code-lock better, as well as therms like PCB, and make the buttons more clear
make powerline on/off more clear

adding:
 better vantage point by trees?
 water, x  water-splash   - https://opengameart.org/content/water-splash-yo-frankie
 nightfall-atmospheric? fog, light reflection,  extra: env will change based on switching in HMI
 add more scenery schrubs, cars, signs etc.
x  static         - https://opengameart.org/content/static-noise-similar-untuned-tv-also-known-white-noise
x  walki-talkie/radio beep/bzzt - dialog - https://opengameart.org/content/camerashudder


Tile:
32x32 px

----------------------------------

forest backdrop     - day/night TODO
substation-backdrop - day/night  TODO
city-backdrop       - day/night  TODO
day-night transition animation
 

---------------
https://electrical-engineering-portal.com/download-center/books-and-guides/power-substations/operation-33-11-kv-substation

hacker:
 - SWITCHGEAR CABINET DESTRUCTION 
  modify protection settings
  send timed-oper, with interlock override for disconnector/earh-switch, per outgoing bay
 - DUAL TRANSFORMER DESTRUCTION
  override protection settings of both transformers
  open earth-switch after trafo
  close other earth switch before trafo
  leave open disconn. before trafo
  send timed oper for switch, then timed oper for disconnector
 - SMASH PC (Action 2)

drone: getaway

ninja: rope to get away

drone-pilot: put acorn in earth-switch to prevent immediate failure





puzzle2:
trafo1 enabled, trafo2 disabled

desktop with:
 - HMI
 - engineering-tool: shows tree-view with similar names, and associated settings(settings-write, timed oper and interlock change can be from here)
 - top-view of station?
 - documentation (what are the componenst and their properties, 
 - how to open/close in HMI and read values
 - how to change protection settings,  what is interlocking?
 - footnotes about interlock-override and timed operate (explain there is a max future time)
 - desktop and immages folder with funny stuff
 - security cam feeds
dialog:
 - explain to first destroy cabinets, then trafos for max damage
 - explain too much load will trip the line
 - 


Scenario:
 distribution cabinets all on
 disable interlocking logic
 turn each disconnector off, one by one,  disconnector-open command. see result by security-cam
 - timed operate is possible/encouraged

goal1:
 see cabinets explode by security-cam


incoming earth-sw is on
 turn outgoing earth-sw off
 engage trafo2 outgoing disconector, to connect to other busbar.
 enable trafo2 CB, while incoming disconn. still off, running current from trafo1, trough the bus to trafo2, trough incoming earth-switch(pilot sets resistance?)
 do-remote interlock override, do remote prot-settings, do it via timed operate
goal2
 see trafo's explode
 - if you do this before all distribution-stuff is broken, and you're still there(not timed), you get 'bad' ending
 - if a timed operate is set, and the result would be destruction, puzzle ends, and epilogue starts with timer that has been set..



epilogue: - timer is set from puzzle - 
 building is burning, door does not open
  hacker smash computer
  ninja help hacker to climb up
  ninja/hacker get out by airvent
  rotating-airvent blocks exit
  drone-pilot use drone to get up on roof, and throw acorn to rotating air-vent
  ninja+hacker get out
  all on roof, to get away
 - meanwhile bird sweeps in to save hedgehog, and both fly off - 
  pilot slots in drone (scripted?)
  ninja throws rope to drone (scripted?)
  hacker jumps on rope(scripted)
  the 3 fly away, and the building explodes
 #cyberwar4ever


help:
 explain function of CB
 explain function of DIS
 explain function of trafo
 explain current-flow
 explain that cabinet-interlock is logical trough protection relay, (and can be overwritten)
 explain consequence of overwritten interlock
 explain earth-switch




